from a dealership point of view we walk
into the next leadership wherever it is
I don't know and you're going to see a
his sale price on the coach okay and we
write all the specs down and we go to
the next one
in the same coach let's talk it say say
the first guy 150 grand okay we go to
the next coach the next dealership
selling the same coach this cost is 162
this is coach
that's what ever you want scanty you're
going to be the buyer you're going to be
the new owner you ask will you take a
hundred man that's the best advice you
could ever learn right there
well of course not I'm one hundred fifty
thousand for this coach 162 that I'm not
going to take a hundred gee I'd sure
like to have it I'm ready to write you a
deposit check four hundred that's that's
the best of advice I've heard markups
from 10% to I know one dealer personally
the March them up seventy percent does
he get seventy four percent of course
not he plays the game I'm telling you to
play once in a while somebody probably
pays seventy percent but not very often
but we're always afraid to say I don't
want to pay 150 thousand I'm only going
to pay one hundred forty-five and the
deters thinking thank God there is an RV
God instead of a hundred that that would
be my suggestion I know this going to
make any dealer happy it sees this DVD